Fix the log levels mapping (#597)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/597.feature.rst

Reviewer: 📚 Render preview: https://ansible-pylibssh--597.org.readthedocs.build/en/597/changelog/#features

> Made libssh use python logging system -- by :user:`Jakuje`.

Reviewer: Let's link the stdlib docs:
```suggestion
Made libssh use the Python :py:mod:`logging` system -- by :user:`Jakuje`.
```

> Made libssh to use python logging system -- by :user:`Jakuje`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Made libssh use python logging system -- by :user:`Jakuje`.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks!

Made libssh use the Python :py:mod:`logging` system -- by :user:`Jakuje`.

Previously, the logging was done by underlying C-code to stderr instead,
which caused inconsistent behavior.

> The default log level is now set to ``ANSIBLE_PYLIBSSH_TRACE``

Reviewer: Once the definitions are moved, we'll be able to link them from here:
```suggestion
The default log level is now set to :data:`ANSIBLE_PYLIBSSH_TRACE`
```

and donstream loggers are able to trim the verbosity down.
If you need a performance, you can avoid logging on the libssh
side at source by setting lower logging value, for example:

> ```

Reviewer: This won't work in RST, only in Markdown.

> Made libssh use the Python :mod:`python:logging` system -- by :user:`Jakuje`.

Reviewer: newer syntax
```suggestion
Made ``libssh`` use the Python :external+python:mod:`logging` system -- by :user:`Jakuje`.
```

> Previously, the logging was done by underlying C-code to stderr instead,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously the underlying ``libssh`` library was writing its logs directly from the C-level into ``stderr`` instead,
```

which caused inconsistent behavior.

The default log level is now set to :data:`ANSIBLE_PYLIBSSH_TRACE`

> and donstream loggers are able to trim the verbosity down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the downstream loggers are able to trim the verbosity down.
```

> If you need a performance, you can avoid logging on the libssh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need performance, it is possible to disable logging on the ``libssh``
```

> side at source by setting lower logging value, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
side at the source by setting a lower logging value, for example:
```

.. code-block:: python

   ssh_session.set_log_level(ANSIBLE_PYLIBSSH_NOLOG)

> The log level can be now set also through the session constructor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the log level can now be set through the session initializer:
```
(constructor is `__new__()`, initializer is `__init__()`)

Author: Thanks for clarification!  Fixed

.. code-block:: python

   ssh = Session(log_verbosity=ANSIBLE_PYLIBSSH_TRACE)

> or connect() arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or the ``connect()`` method arguments:
```

.. code-block:: python

>    ssh.connect(log_verbosity=ANSIBLE_PYLIBSSH_TRACE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ssh.connect(log_verbosity=ANSIBLE_PYLIBSSH_TRACE)
   
Setting any levels imported from :external+python:mod:`!logging` is also supported.
```

Made libssh use the Python :py:mod:`logging` system -- by :user:`Jakuje`.

> Previously, the logging was done by underlying C-code to stderr instead,

Reviewer: @Jakuje just to confirm — does `libssh` disable all the logging targets except for the newly added Python callback?

Author: I am not sure what you mean here. With this change, we set callback which libssh uses for all the logging. The callback is in thread-local variable so unless we start doing threads, all logging should go to python logging system

Reviewer: @Jakuje yeah, I'm just not familiar w/ `libssh`'s APIs so I didn't know if the callback is additional to what it does internally or a replacement.

P.S. Talking of threads.. We will need to look into free-threading that's now a hot topic since these are interpreter builds that have GIL disabled and so a whole bunch of people would want to use for performance reasons. We don't have it in the CI matrix but I imagine we might not yet be compatible. Something to explore in follow-ups.

Author: > @Jakuje yeah, I'm just not familiar w/ libssh's APIs so I didn't know if the callback is additional to what it does internally or a replacement.

Replacement. Without setting callback, it just spits to stderr. With callback, the calling application (in this case pylibssh and python) can get the logs with callback.

> P.S. Talking of threads

I think I wrote it already in some other comment, but libssh is thread safe as long as we do not touch one session from different threads at the same time. Similarly it wont be able to log from different threads without logging subsystem initialization due to storing the log level + callback in thread-local variables. That said, threading will need some special handling to work properly , but I am not familiar how this is handled in python so this will need some of your guidance what needs to be done there.

Reviewer: I don't think that logging specifically will need handling — we'll probably want to bind the same callback to different C-thread IIUC. But let's leave this for follow-ups.
